Unit 01 Practice Problems

For the remainder of this semester, you will begin each new unit by solving a
set of practice problems based on the material from the previous unit. You will
have 30 minutes to complete your answers and push your solution to GitHub. 
Raise your hand if you need help.

The goal of these "mini practica" is to give you practice with coding problems
similar to those that you will see on the midterm practica. You will be 
required to solve each problem with minimal assistance. You should use these
mini-practica as an opportunity to gage your preparedness for the exams.

Each mini-practicum counts as a homework assignment. Each of the numbered 
problems below is weighted equally. 

Before you start, open the terminal. Make sure that you are using Git Bash or 
the equivalent. Using ONLY the terminal, complete each of the following tasks. 
You will need to copy the output from your terminal and save it to a file, so 
make sure that you do not close the terminal. DO NOT WORRY if you make any 
mistakes - just include the output in your solution.

To be clear, you will not receive credit for a task if you do not use the
terminal to complete it.

1. File System Basics
   a. List the drives on the computer that you are using.
   b. Create a new directory named "practicum" and change into it. 
   c. Show a detailed listing of the files in the new directory.
   d. Use vi to create a new text file named "about_me.txt" and add the 
      following information to the file (each on a separate line). Save the 
      file when you are done.
      - Your full name
      - Your birthdate
      - Your home town
      - Your favorite band
      - Your favorite book
      - Your favorite quote
   e. Display the contents of the file to the terminal.
   f. Create a copy of the file named "about_me_copy.txt" and display the 
      contents to the terminal.
   g. Show a detailed listing of the files in the new directory again.
   h. Move the original file into the parent directory. 
   i. Delete the copied file.
   h. Select, copy, and paste the output from the terminal into a new file
      named "files.txt" in the practicum directory. Hint: remember to use 
      a right-click to copy and paste. Make sure to save it!

2. Git Basics
   a. Display your git version.
   b. Display the status of the files in your repository.
   c. Practice the Git workflow and push all of the files in your repository to
      GitHub.
   d. Delete the file named "about_me.txt".
   e. Display the status of the files in your repository again.
   f. Practice the Git workflow and push your changes to GitHub.
   g. Select, copy, and paste the output from the terminal into a new file
      named "git.txt" in the practicum directory. Make sure to save it!
   h. Practice the Git workflow.
   i. Open your repository in a browser window. Take a screenshot of the 
      repository and save it to your local repository.
   j. Practice the Git workflow and push your changes to GitHub one last time.
